node gets health check endpoint (#723)
cap-js/docs: node.js/best-practices.md

An *anonymous ping* service should be implemented with the least overhead possible. Hence, it should not use any authentication or authorization mechanism, but simply respond to whoever is asking.

From `@sap/cds^7.8` onwards, the Node.js runtime provides such an endpoint for availability monitoring out of the box at `/health` that returns `{ status: 'UP' }` (with status code 200).

> You can pre-empt the default implementation via registering a custom express middleware during bootstrapping as follows:

Reviewer: I think usually we'd use override to express that.
```suggestion
You can override the default implementation via registering a custom express middleware during bootstrapping as follows:
```

```js
cds.on('bootstrap', app => {
  app.get('/health', (_, res) => {
    res.status(200).send(`I'm fine, thanks for asking`)
  })
})
```

> More sophisticated health checks that, for example, check whether databases are available, etc., should use authentication to prevent DoS!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More sophisticated health checks, for example including databases, should use authentication to prevent Denial of Service attacks!
```

Reviewer: @smahati Could you quickly check my suggestion? Feel free to enhance it, I just felt the old version was too complicated.

Reviewer 2: @renejeglinsky reworded it slightly, hope it looks good.
